 Brain emotion visualization
p5js link: https://editor.p5js.org/1029190079/sketches/sQZVk9F6n
video: https://youtu.be/ub2N1DpfOj8

In that final project, I created a series of animated effects on the theme of 
emotion visualization.
  I created several sub-files with different themes and eventually brought them all 
together. I used many different functions to construct the different themes, for 
example, I used a particle system to simulate the emotional state of the brain when 
it is concentrating on a thought, an autonomous agent to simulate the emotional state
 of the brain when it is not awake, and particle dispersion to simulate the state of 
the brain when it is thinking out of the box.The use of particle dispersion simulates
 the state of the brain when it is thinking differently.At the same time, I wanted to
 use different colors to represent different emotional states, and use different 
color initials on the keyboard to switch between different visualization effects. 
This was eventually accomplished.
  In terms of motivation, I first learned about the concept of emotional 
visualization on the internet, and then I wanted to create a series of emotional 
visualization animations that reflect my common emotional states throughout the day, 
taking into account my daily emotional states. In the final gameplay, the black and 
white square animation represents the state of just waking up and activating the 
brain in the middle of the square, and then in the key interaction, P represents the 
purple leisurely and free dispersing emotion, R represents the focused emotion when 
concentrating on thinking, and G represents the happier and more joyful emotion.
  I encountered a series of challenges during the production process, the first was 
about the conceptualization of how to visualize my emotions, I browsed the internet 
for some natural objects (such as burning flames, flickering lights), and finally 
used them as inspiration to visualize my emotions. Secondly I started by making 
different emotion visualization animations individually, and I also encountered a 
challenge while doing the integration, I used different class functions to define 
them and combined them with keystrokes to bring them together.
